how early key looks to urbanization as a
source of innovation in 2050 7 out of 10
people will live in cities for elaqid
urbanization is a source of innovation
it offers a host of opportunities to
create new applications and find new
markets reducing pollution controlling
energy consumption limiting noise
processing waste developing alternative
fuels today the group is working on
tomorrow's solutions that will improve
the well-being and daily lives of
citizens to reduce pollution and noise
from delivery trucks in cities elaqid
intends to replace the refrigeration
diesel motor and trucks with cryogenic
cooling equipment a cleaner alternative
but also quieter that has already won
over the French Swiss and Americans it
emits no greenhouse gasses limits noise
to 60 decibels the level of a
conversation and guarantees a more
efficient cold chain still on the
subject of noise elaqid offers window
manufacturers the solution to inject
Krypton in double glazed windows the use
of this rare gas reduces noise that
penetrates a building from outside by
50% and it's also an excellent thermal
insulator that will bring considerable
energy savings
a market that is booming today is that
of LED lighting this new low-energy
technology is already very present in
our homes and will soon be present on
our streets - le key produces all the
gases and technologies needed for the
manufacturing of LED bulbs and also has
an ammonia production plant in China to
meet growing demands from urban
communities sustainable urbanization is
all about transforming our waste into
non polluting energy le keep develops
innovative solutions to recycle waste
from our dumps and water treatment
plants into biogas that will be used to
produce clean fuel for vehicles or for
heating and cooking purposes when
injected into natural gas networks in
cities air liquide is today the world
leader in the treatment and purification
of biogas and owned several plants in
France the USA Sweden and the UK the
biogas liquification plant in lid coping
produces Moltres to fuel for trucks this
allows the transportation industry to
reduce its co2 emissions by 18 thousand
tons each year
you